About Guilherme:
Guilherme is a professional with expertise in Data Analysis, Data Science, Communication, SQL and Power BI. Holding an undergraduate degree in Mechanical Engineer from the State University of São Paulo (2018-2023), Guilherme is committed to delivering innovative solutions, solving complex problems and wonderful storytellings.

Work Experience:
Operations Intern at 99 (01/2022-11/2022); Operations Analyst at 99 (11/2022-04/2023); BI Analyst at Datime (04/2023-04/2024); Data Analyst at MSA Reparadora (05/2024-Current)

Career Goal:
Guilherme's career goal is to leverage their expertise in AI and emerging technologies to drive meaningful innovation and create solutions that positively impact businesses and society.

Skills: 
Data Analyst, Data Science, Communitacion, SQL, Python, Power BI

Certification:
Power BI Professional Certification (Udemy)
Complete Python Course (Coderhouse)
From Basic to Advanced - Complete Excel Course (Udemy)

Achievements:
As Operations Analyst at 99, he co-developed the "Weather" project, which identified inefficient rainy time slots for investment, saving around 20% of our team's monthly budget.
As BI Analyst at Datime, he increased annual revenue from companies by 10% to 15% on average due to analyses and recommendations.
As Data Analyst at MSA Reparadora, he automated routines processes and data collection using Python, resulting in significant time savings.

Contact:
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilhermecmassaro/
Phone: (16) 98183-2233
Location: Ribeirão Preto, Brasil

Strengths and Advantages:
Guilherme's strengths lie in a profound passion for technology, innovative problem-solving, and client-centric solutions.

Weaknesses and Disadvantages:
Guilherme's biggest weak lives on he becomes better to delegate functions to other people making him not lose efficience with a lot of demands.

Interests and Hobbies:
Guilherme finds joy in the simple pleasures of life, such as playing videogames with friends, swimming, sharing coffee moments with friends and family and drinking a hot tea reading a book before going to sleep

Portfolio:
This website serves as a showcase for some of Guilherme's remarkable projects. Constructed using generative AI and Python, the website aims to inspire visitors with innovative ideas on seamlessly integrating generative AI into their own portfolio websites. Feel free to explore and ignite your creativity!

Availability:
Guilherme is actively seeking new opportunities and is ready to start immediately.

References:
References are available upon request.